good
ah
welcome everyone to jassam boxing my
name is rubén and I come to present you the
samsung condenser microphone 01 good
Well, as you can see from the box this
we bought it in amazon and
Well, as usual
I will leave the description of the video or a
link so you can buy it if you
interesting and good you have to know by
what this microphone has a value
approximate of about 80 euros with shipping
included
good this microphone is a microphone
usb capacitor this is a microphone
study and the audio quality is going to be
very good what the box contains
The first is a small case that we
will allow you to transport it to the truth
that this is pretty good is going to
Serve a lot to take it to
save it and so on also has
this small stand a support for
tripod that we will also see
then how do you have the legs by
here are some small metal legs
it seems they do not have very good
quality but yes that the animals are
quite solid when you touch them and
you will see that they weigh and that they are good
they easily support the weight of the
microphone over here we have also the
usb cable that will allow us to connect it to
computer as well as manuals and
introduction guide
Finally, we have to take out of the box the
installation cd I want to tell you that
it is not essential that with connecting it
the computer is enough but good
that brings a program to record and others
and finally here we have the microphone
that I already tell you is excellent
good quality and here we have a summary
of everything the box brings here
we have the microphone that weighs a lot
here we have the tripod and this piece
to also hold the tripod and nothing
we have the usb cable and the case
well, let's explain how the
microphone on your tripod
here you have the tripod that I can
say it's pretty solid that it's from
steel is it hard and that although
seem to have a sensitive appearance
it is not and this little piece here
so you have to remove it, it's worth it
we can remove it by doing pressure
ourselves with the finger or well as
a coin or anything that we
help to turn it is worth to remove it
because simply a support a help
which is here to place another
type of tripods or whatever it is a
adapter so we removed it because in
this case we do not need to
use the standard support that brings
this good microphone once we have
removed already this piece we are going to screw
the above the tripod is pretty
simple vale goes with a thread
screw the mohsén on the tripod and once
that is castled we will simply have
that turn a little this little hoop that
have in the end we look towards
down and it is as perpendicular
to the ground in this way we can already
place the microphone we will use as
support and we're going to have to
unscrew the microphone voucher edge
here you can see how it is
looking for the edge to be able to place it
because it has a pretty subjection
This is very good so that the
microphone fall out so we place it
well and we support it on top of the stand and
so we screw the piece that
we just removed the rolled up
new below and in this way we set
the microphone completely the tripod and we
We ensure that it will not fall to
give a little blow a little touch or
whatever this is well worth it is
Pretty sure it's good that he's like that
we could also place the micro
even upside down
they supported a foot or whatever and they
I would endure without any problem
well once we have mounted the
microphone on his tripod and we just
it remains to connect it to the pc to be able
use it so well then first thing
obviously it is to remove these small
clips these plastics that brings the
usb cable to be able to extend it
truth is that it is a fairly long cable
and that in case we had to
plug it in and be a little away from
computer, we can connect it without
no problem
we will connect this end here in the
micro and the usb end because the pc is
fairly simple voucher is connected to
here below as you can see and good without
no problem would connect the other
end to the pc let's see an example
so you can see it more clearly
we connect here the cable in the port
usb as you can see here on the side
let's plug it in and the micro is
plug play would be ready to be
used immediately
I would also like to tell you about the
tripod that as you can see you can
move vale you can lower the micro and
put it in the position that we most
interest could be put almost upside down
you can turn it you can put mouth
above you can see how good that if
we had a mic stand we could
put it completely upside down as in
the recording studios you can see
that thanks to the thread can rotate on
its own axis and good because it allows us
this gives us many possibilities
so we have a radio studio
we have a recording studio
in any type of audio recording
so we can adapt the microphone to
let us serve what I want to show in
this part of the video is that once
we connect you can see how the green led
it turns on and already it means that it is
available to use it is worth
we would have to open any program
audio and start using it myself
personally to record the audio I've
used the adobe audition program that
is the one that I always use to
this kind of thing but good that every
one can use any vale
you can use from the recorder
windows audacity or any other type
of program that allows us to edit the
audio or record it
and nothing really the analysis of this
microphone I can say that the quality of
audio is very good and you will tell me
I can not finish this analysis without
do a test before the good audio
Well, I want to tell you that you can be
quiet because all this video has been
entirely recorded with the microphone
So, well, you know the quality
that has more or less besides I'm going to
leave below a small link to
a video of a girl that I found by
internet when I was looking
information about this microphone and good
because she behaves well this
microphone also did an analysis
although in English and well he sang a
good song I sang enough you see that
the girls upload their songs to youtube
and I really liked it personally
one of the ones that I saw and well I'm going to
leave a link to your video if you want
see it and well then click on the
screen that you are seeing right now and
there you can see it and really that you
I recommend that you listen to it and you will see
that the audio quality very good and
Obviously the girl because she sings very well
so nothing I hope you liked
today's video if it has been like this please
do not forget to give me I like you already know
that helps a lot and well that
know that this video
of this microphone we obviously have
purchased to improve the quality of
videos and then then let's hope that
you like this because it will always help
that the quality of the final result of
the videos that we provide you that
be better and better so nothing if you have
liked and I say give like
subscribed to the channel if you are not already
to stay up to date with more analysis like
this one of more comparative analysis of
apps for android tablet and
many more things if you have any
doubt you already know that you can give me a
comment in this same video or to
through social networks or from my
webpage this has been all for today a
I greet everyone and see you next time